Added guidance for repeatable requests (#229)
Microsoft/api-guidelines: azure/Guidelines.md

The Microsoft REST API guidelines for Long Running Operations are an updated, clarified and simplified version of the Asynchronous Operations guidelines from the 2.1 version of the Azure API guidelines. Unfortunately, to generalize to the whole of Microsoft and not just Azure, the HEADER used in the operation was renamed from `Azure-AsyncOperation` to `Operation-Location`. Services **SHOULD** support both `Azure-AsyncOperation` and `Operation-Location` HEADERS, even though they are redundant so that existing SDKs and clients will continue to operate. Clients that call these services **SHOULD** look for both HEADERS and prefer the `Operation-Location` version. Both HEADERS **MUST** return the same value.

## Repeatability of requests

The ability to retry failed requests for which a client never received a response greatly simplifies the ability to write resilient distributed applications. While HTTP designates some methods as safe and/or idempotent (and thus retryable), being able to retry other operations such as create-using-POST-to-collection is desirable.

> A service **SHOULD** support repeatable requests according as defined in [OASIS Repeatable Requests Version 1.0](https://docs.oasis-open.org/odata/repeatable-requests/v1.0/repeatable-requests-v1.0.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service **SHOULD** support repeatable requests as defined in [OASIS Repeatable Requests Version 1.0](https://docs.oasis-open.org/odata/repeatable-requests/v1.0/repeatable-requests-v1.0.html).
```

- The tracked time window (difference between the `Repeatability-First-Sent` value and the current time) **MUST** be at least 5 minutes.

> - A service advertises support for repeatability requests by adding the `Repeatbility-First-Sent` and `Repeatability-Request-ID` to the set of headers for a given operation.

Reviewer 2: Typo: Repeat**a**bility-First-Sent

> - When understood, all endpoints co-located behind a DNS name **MUST** understand the header. This means that a service **MUST NOT** ignore the presence of a header for any endpoints behind the DNS name, but rather fail the request containing a `Repeatability-Request-ID` header if that particular endpoint lacks support for repeatable requests. Such partial support **SHOULD** be avoided due to the confusion it causes for clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When supported, all endpoints co-located behind a DNS name **MUST** support the header. This means that a service **MUST NOT** ignore the presence of a header for any endpoints behind the DNS name, but rather fail the request containing a `Repeatability-Request-ID` header if that particular endpoint lacks support for repeatable requests. Such partial support **SHOULD** be avoided due to the confusion it causes for clients.
```
